README.md, before:

## My Web Application (Title)

* [General info](#general-info)
* [Technologies](#technologies)
* [Contents](#content)

## General Info
This browser based web application to ...
	
## Technologies
Technologies used for this project:
* HTML, CSS
* JavaScript
* Bootstrap 
* ...
	
## Content
Content of the project folder:

```
 Top level of project folder: 
├── .gitignore               # Git ignore file
├── index.html               # landing HTML file, this is what users see when you come to url
└── README.md

It has the following subfolders and files:
├── .git                     # Folder for git repo
├── images                   # Folder for images
    /blah.jpg                # 
├── scripts                  # Folder for scripts
    /blah.js                 # 
├── styles                   # Folder for styles
    /blah.css                # 

Firebase hosting files: 
├── .firebaserc...


```

Tips for file naming files and folders:
* use lowercase with no spaces
* use dashes (not underscore) for word separation

Commit message:

Added one line intro to README file for Kelly

README.md, after:

## My Web Application (Title)

* [General info](#general-info)
* [Technologies](#technologies)
* [Contents](#content)

## General Info
This browser based web application to ...
* Hi this is Kelly. Excited about the project!
	
## Technologies
Technologies used for this project:
* HTML, CSS
* JavaScript
* Bootstrap 
* ...
	
## Content
Content of the project folder:

```
 Top level of project folder: 
├── .gitignore               # Git ignore file
├── index.html               # landing HTML file, this is what users see when you come to url
└── README.md

It has the following subfolders and files:
├── .git                     # Folder for git repo
├── images                   # Folder for images
    /blah.jpg                # 
├── scripts                  # Folder for scripts
    /blah.js                 # 
├── styles                   # Folder for styles
    /blah.css                # 

Firebase hosting files: 
├── .firebaserc...


```

Tips for file naming files and folders:
* use lowercase with no spaces
* use dashes (not underscore) for word separation
